Added `contributor.first/lastName` (#20)
frictionlessdata/datapackage: content/docs/specifications/data-package.md

}]
```

> - `title`: name or title if the contributor is an organization; name if the contributor is a person

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `title`: name of the contributor. It's `RECOMMENDED` to follow [BibTeX name format](https://www.bibtex.com/f/author-field/) when providing a person's name in `title`.
```

Suggestion to simplify. Organizations have names too. I added the recommendation here, in context, cf. `role`.

- `firstName`: first names or given names if the contributor is a person
- `lastName`: last name or family name if the contributor is a person
- `path`: a fully qualified http URL pointing to a relevant location online for the contributor
- `email`: An email address
- `role`: a string describing the role of the contributor. It's `RECOMMENDED` to be one of: `author`, `publisher`, `maintainer`, `wrangler`, and `contributor`. Defaults to `contributor`.
  - Note on semantics: use of the "author" property does not imply that that person was the original creator of the data in the data package - merely that they created and/or maintain the data package. It is common for data packages to "package" up data from elsewhere. The original origin of the data can be indicated with the `sources` property - see above.
- `organization`: a string describing the organization this contributor is affiliated to.

> A data producer is `RECOMMENDED` to follow [BibTeX](https://www.bibtex.com/f/author-field/) guidance when providing information about a person's name and title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}]
```

> - `title`: name of the contributor. It's `RECOMMENDED` to follow [BibTeX name format](https://www.bibtex.com/f/author-field/) when providing a person's name in `title`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `title`: name of the contributor. It's `RECOMMENDED` to follow [BibTeX name format](https://www.bibtex.com/f/author-field/) when providing a person's name.
```

Reviewer: One more correction 😄

```

- `title`: name/title of the contributor (name for person, name/title of organization)

> - `givenName`: a given names, either full (“John Edward”) or initialized (“J. E.”), if the contributor is a person

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `givenName`: given name(s), either full (“John Edward”) or initialized (“J. E.”), if the contributor is a person
```

> - `familyName`: a surname minus any particles and suffixes if the contributor is a person

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `familyName`: familial name, if the contributor is a person
```
